I suppose whatever we give to Jehovah
is little in comparison with what he gives to us.
And like Malachi 3:10 says, you know,
we just have to ‘bring in the tenth part.’
That’s really all that Jehovah is asking,
but he pours out a blessing.
And part of those blessings from Malachi 3:10,
I consider to be
the friendships that we’ve gained.
For me, my favorite thing is the people.
It’s always just getting to work
with your brothers every day.
The personalities shine through,
even with language differences.
You just make friends,
and you just get this taste
of what the new world is going to be like.
Side by side with our brothers,
we’ve made parent figures
and brother and sister figures,
and everybody just becomes
part of such a solid family.
Working along with the local brothers and sisters
made it clear to me
that we really are in the organization
that Jehovah is directing today.
What I have seen is how Jehovah’s spirit
operates in his organization.
There were many international servants here
from various countries,
with different personalities,
along with our local brothers
with their distinct customs.
But when it was time to work, we were as one.
There wasn’t a big guy, a little guy,
someone more intelligent, or less intelligent.
We all formed one united team.
The language definitely was an issue for me.
At first I thought,
‘Will I really be able to work with the brothers?’
Since I didn’t understand the language,
how could I explain
the work that had to be done?
Really, if you go in there with a good attitude
and you’re just having
a good time working with your brothers,
you’re not going to have too much of a problem.
Smiles
—they cross borders.
The Chiclayo dedication program
was held April 9, 2016,
and the Trujillo Assembly Hall
was dedicated shortly thereafter,
on July 31.
All present marveled with appreciation
at seeing the facilities,
their own new Assembly Hall.
Before, we had to work a lot,
maybe up to 15 days beforehand
to prepare a completely inappropriate site.
Not anymore.
Now the brothers only need to maintain it
and simply arrive
in order to enjoy their assembly.
I’m sure that this new Assembly Hall
will strengthen the spirituality
of our dear brothers and sisters.
If I can say something about the video monitors:
They’ve revolutionized
Jehovah’s method of teaching.
We get so much more out of the talks now
because we can see
the gestures of the brothers.
It really touches the heart.
It’s so amazing!
I remember more than 25 years ago,
I prayed to Jehovah and said,
“Jehovah, please,
permit me at some point to see
an Assembly Hall here.”
And now Jehovah let me
be part of the buying process,
of getting the documentation,
and of being part of the construction.
And I remember, and I say,
“Jehovah answered my prayer.”
Well, it affected me
seeing the construction progress
because when we first arrived
at our project in Chiclayo,
you know what the brothers had
and what they were using as an Assembly Hall.
And then to see the finished project
that we see now,
I’m so happy for the brothers and sisters.
It’s so beautiful, clean, neat, and tidy.
It’s like, in reality, for where it is,
it’s a little jewel within that whole city
to me when I see the completed project.
And I know that brothers
do just love to be able to care for that place,
to be able to worship Jehovah there,
and to be with their brothers and sisters.
There’s nothing that will ever compare
with this wonderful experience
we’ve been able to have.
It’s been great!